#Data Type Code Profile
Description: The format used for the collection of letters, digits, and/or symbols, to depict values of a data element, determined by the operations that may be performed on a data element.<table>
<thead><tr><th scope='col'><a href='ValueItem.md'>Value Item</a></th><th scope='col'><a href='ValueDefinition.md'>Value Meaning</a></th></tr></thead><tr><td>Integer</td><td>The value space of integer is the infinite set {...,-2,-1,0,1,2,...}.  Essentially, the integer data type is used to specify a numeric value without a fractional component.</td></tr><tr><td>Character</td><td>Characters are classified for convenience as letters, digits, or other characters. A character is an atomic unit of text as specified by ISO/IEC 10646.</td></tr><tr><td>Boolean</td><td>Boolean has the value space required to support the mathematical concept of binary-valued logic: {true, false}.</td></tr><tr><td>Enumerated</td><td>The value space of a list datatype is a set of finite-length sequences of atomic values. The enumeration is a set of values from the value space.</td></tr><tr><td>Natural Range</td><td>Natural_Range is a datatype (3.1.8) comprising a range of “natural numbers“, i.e. the positive integers, including zero. Any instance of Natural_Range is one of: -a constant non-negative Integer -a bounded range of non-negative Integers defined by a minimum and a (strictly larger) maximum value -an unbounded range defined by only a non-negative minimum (e.g., 0..*, 1..*, 2..*).</td></tr><tr><td>Sign</td><td>A sign may be a character string, graphic image, sound clip or other symbol that can be used to denote or designate a concept. The Sign datatype may be implemented using the Reflit(of_type) data structure (see ISO/IEC19773:2011 10.4.2), where the list of supported types is implementation defined. At a minimum, datatype String must be supported.</td></tr><tr><td>String</td><td>String is a family of datatypes which represent strings of symbols from standard character-sets. The syntax and semantics of the String datatype are as defined in ISO/IEC 11404:2007 10.1.5 Character String.</td></tr><tr><td>Text</td><td>Text is data in the form of characters, symbols, words, phrases, paragraphs, sentences, tables, or other character arrangements, intended to convey a meaning, and whose interpretation is essentially based upon the reader's knowledge of some natural language or artificial language [ISO/IEC 2382-23:1994].</td></tr><tr><td>Value</td><td>A Value represents any instance of any datatype.</td></tr><tr><td>Date-and-Time</td><td>The value space of Date-Time is closely related to the dates and times described in ISO 8601. Date-Time values may be viewed as objects with integer-valued year, month, day, hour and minute properties, a decimal-valued second property, and a boolean timezoned property</td></tr></table>