#Representation Class Code Profile
Description: The major intent of Representation class is to provide a discrete and complete set of high-level (coarse granularity) definitions for data element/value domain categorization. This is an aid to the user in terms of application of business rules.<table>
<thead><tr><th scope='col'><a href='data_elements/ValueItem.md'>Value Item</a></th><th scope='col'><a href='data_elements/ValueMeaning.md'>Value Meaning</a></th></tr></thead><tr><td>Amount</td><td>Monetary value with units of currency.</td></tr><tr><td>Code</td><td>An enumerated list of all allowable values. Each enumerated value is a string that for brevity represents a specific meaning.</td></tr><tr><td>Count</td><td>Non-monetary numeric value arrived at by counting.</td></tr><tr><td>Date</td><td>An ISO 8601 date usually in the format CCYY-MM-DD.</td></tr><tr><td>DateTime</td><td>An ISO 8601 date (in the format CCYY-MM-DD) and time structure. Note: Do not use unless both the date and time are required fields. If one or the other is optional always specify the data elements as separate date and time elements.</td></tr><tr><td>Description</td><td>A text field used to describe or define something.</td></tr><tr><td>Graphic</td><td>Diagrams, graphs, mathematical curves, or the like, usually a vector image</td></tr><tr><td>Icon</td><td>A sign or representation that stands for its object by virtue of a resemblance or analogy to it.</td></tr><tr><td>Identifier</td><td>A language-independent label, sign or token used to establish identity of, and uniquely distinguish one instance of an object within an identification scheme.</td></tr><tr><td>Indicator</td><td>Boolean, exactly two mutually exclusive values (true or false). A precise definition must be given for the meaning of a true value.</td></tr><tr><td>Measure</td><td>Numeric value determined by measurement with units. Typically used with items such as height or weight.  If the unit of measure is not clear it should be specified</td></tr><tr><td>Name</td><td>A textual label used as identification of an object.  A name is usually meaningful in some language, and is the primary means of identification of objects for humans. Unlike an identifier, a name is not necessarily unique.</td></tr><tr><td>Number</td><td>Assigned or determined by calculation.</td></tr><tr><td>Percent</td><td>A type of Numeric that traditionally is the results of a ratio calculation that ranges from values of 0 to 1 for values of 0% to 100%.</td></tr><tr><td>Picture</td><td>A visual representation of a person, object, or scene, usually a raster image.</td></tr><tr><td>Quantity</td><td>A continuous number such as the linear dimensions, capacity/amount (non-monetary) of an object.</td></tr><tr><td>Rate</td><td>A type of numeric.</td></tr><tr><td>Text</td><td>Character string generally in the form of words.</td></tr><tr><td>Time</td><td>Time of day or duration, e.g. HH:MM:SS.SSSS.</td></tr><tr><td>Year</td><td>An ISO 8601 Year.</td></tr></table>